<h1>Ryuuganime Dictionary</h1>
<blockquote>📚 A sets of dictionaries (word lists) from multiple languages for spell checker</blockquote>

This repository allows users to add custom dictionaries of several languages by only adding this repository to their project repository as submodules.

__TOC__

= Available languages =
Currently, this repository only contains 4 language(s) and 1 custom wordlist(s) of hobby-related topic. Most of dictionaries are provided from another repository(ies) by include those wordlist submodules.
<!--#region wikitable-->
{| class="wikitable"
!Languages
!ISO 639-1/639-2 (2/3 letter) Code
!Provider
!Category
!Subcategory
!Combined as <code>.rydict</code>
!Notes
|-
|Anime-Manga Wordlist
|<code>NULL</code>
|[https://github.com/ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist]
|Hobby
|Anime-Manga Culture
|''Included inside the submodule on each category''
|CJK Anime, Manga, Characters, Sites, and Studio Word List/Dictionary. Listed on repo as <code>animanga</code>.
|-
|Arabic MSA
|<code>ar</code>
|[https://github.com/a3f/arabic-wordlists a3f/arabic-wordlists]
|Language
|Natural
|[[.rcdl/ar_001.rydict|ar_001.rydict]]
|<code>NULL</code>
|-
|Indonesian
|<code>id</code>
|Ryuuganime
|Language
|Natural
|[[.rcdl/id_ID.rydict|id_ID.rydict]]
|Provided by Ryuuganime.
|-
|Japanese
|<code>ja</code>
|[https://github.com/hingston/japanese hingston/japanese]
|Language
|Natural
|[[.rcdl/ja_JP.rydict|ja_JP.rydict]]
|<code>NULL</code>
|-
|Vietnamese
|<code>vn</code>
|[https://github.com/duyet/vietnamese-wordlist duyet/vietnamese-wordlist]
|Language
|Natural
|[[.rcdl/vn_VN.rydict|vn_VN.rydict]]
|<code>NULL</code>
|}
<!--#endregion-->

= File information =

We use plain text format (<code>.txt</code> and <a href="#About_rydict"><code>.rydict</code></a>) for dictionaries, and MediaWiki file format (<code>.wiki</code>) for README and some important information.

== About .rydict ==

<code>.rydict</code> (stand for <u>Ry</u>uuganime <u>Dict</u>ionary) is a self-curated wordlist collected from several sources and implement into one file by Ryuuganime itself using plain text format (<code>.txt</code>). Basically helps dictionary/spelling checker extension/app from overhaul by the resources, so it can reduce a lot of memory consumed by the app/extension.

= Installing repository =
To "install" this repository to your project repository a.k.a using this repository as submodule, type this command line with Git application installed on the machine into your working directory as:
<source lang="shell">
git submodule add https://github.com/ryuuganime/dictionaries
git submodule update --init --recursive
</source>

*If you have GitKraken installed on your machine, this process will be much easier (because GUI, of course).

== Using custom dictionaries ==
You can directly using the custom dictionary made by Ryuuganime team by using an .rydict file on [[.rcdl]] folder. Languages are named by ICU Locales format.

== Configurations ==
If you are using <code>streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker</code> extension for your spell checker on Visual Studio Code, you can use this path template for specify dictionary path on <code>./.vscode/settings.json</code>:
<source lang="json">{
    "cSpell.dictionaryDefinitions": [
        //Animanga dictionary defs
        {
            "name": "anime",
            "path": "${workspaceFolder}/.dictionary/animanga/anime/anime-062020.rydict"
        },
        {
            "name": "charas",
            "path": "${workspaceFolder}/.dictionary/animanga/charas/charas-062020.rydict"
        },
        {
            "name": "manga",
            "path": "${workspaceFolder}/.dictionary/animanga/manga/manga-062020.rydict"
        },
        {
            "name": "sites",
            "path": "${workspaceFolder}/.dictionary/animanga/sites/sites.rydict"
        },
        {
            "name": "studios",
            "path": "${workspaceFolder}/.dictionary/animanga/studios/animePlanet-062020.txt"
        },
        //Arabic dictionary defs.
        {
            "name": "ar_001",
            "path": "${workspaceFolder}/.dictionary/.rcdl/ar_001.rydict"
        },
        //Indonesian dictionary defs.
        {
            "name": "id_ID",
            "path": "${workspaceFolder}/.dictionary/.rcdl/id_ID.rydict"
        },
        //Japanese dictionary defs.
        {
            "name": "ja_JP",
            "path": "${workspaceFolder}/.dictionary/.rcdl/ja_JP.rydict"
        },
        //Vietnamese dictionary defs.
        {
            "name": "vn11",
            "path": "${workspaceFolder}/.dictionary/.rcdl/vn_VN.rydict"
        }
    ],
    "cSpell.dictionaries": [
        //Calls Animanga dictionaries
        "anime",
        "charas",
        "manga",
        "sites",
        "studios",
        //Calls Arabic dictionaries
        "ar_001",
        //Calls Indonesian dictionaries
        "id_ID",
        //Calls Japanese dictionaries
        "ja_JP",
        //Calls Vietnamese dictionaries
        "vn_VN"
    ]
}
</source>

;Note
:Change <code>.dictionary</code> name to submodule current name on your working repository if you are using different name.
:This example was provided from [https://github.com/ryuuganime/ryuuganime-db ryuuganime/ryuuganime-db]'s VSCODE settings file.

= Cloning, contributing, and issuing suggestion/problem =
Please read [[contributing.wiki]] for more information.

= Code of conduct =
This project and everyone participating in it are governed by the [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki|Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct version 2.0]]. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. For detailed information, read [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki]].

= License =
This repository is under [[License|MIT License]]. (C) 2020—2021, Ryuuganime.
